# READING LIST
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/e6u5PHFpZbs
#### Description: This is a simple program based on user interactions with command-line. The program lets the user create a reading list for themselves based on a collection of some of the world’s best books, which, in its turn, was made up by literary critics. The collection, referred as a master-list, exists in the form of a csv file. The list is comprised of five "top books" lists made up by well-known publishers (Time, the Guardian, Le Monde, Modern Library). First, the user looks for a book in the master-list, then they add/delete books to their personal list.
#### How the user moves through the program
The user is offered a question, whether they want to search for a book by title or by author. The third option is exit. The user answers by typing in "a" (search by author(author)), "t" (search by title(title)) or "e" (exit).
Depending on the answer, one of the two respective functions is called ("search_author()" or "search_title()"). Each of them works in a similar way: they ask the user to type in part of the author's name or title, then iterate through the csv file (master-list, "bks.csv") looking for any coincidences. If the search is successful, the books with this title or by this author are printed out to the terminal. Otherwise, the user gets an explanation that nothing was found. Depending on the search results, the function returns true of false.
The user returns to main and is asked one more question: whether they want to add or remove a book from their list. The third option is exit. Depending on the user's answer, one of the two functions is called: "add_book(title)" or "delete_book(title)". First, this function iterates through the csv file and checks whether the book is present in the master-list. Then, the function adds/deletes the book from the user's personal list.
Now, the user can either exit or continue editing their list.
On exit, the personal list is printed out to the terminal.